changed send-mail arg names (#29011)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_5_10.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.68914*.
```

> - Changed argument names of **attach_ids**, **attachNames**, **attachCIDs** in the **send-mail** method to camel case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Aligned the names of the *attachIDs*, *attachNames*, and *attachCIDs* arguments in the *send-mail* according to the standard of ***send-mail*** commands.
```
